feat: add role mapping to group extension (#1337)
garden-co/jazz: homepage/homepage/app/(docs)/docs/[framework]/[...slug]/upgrade/0-10-0.mdx

```
</CodeGroup> 
</div>

<h3 id="group-inheritance">Group inheritance with role mapping</h3>
<div>

>   You can set the extension role by passing a second argument to `extend`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  You can override the inherited role by passing a second argument to `extend`.
```
